[Skia] feat: Implement Composition Effect system and AcrylicBrush (#13812)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/composition.md

_There are a few known issues associated with the used of the compositor thread, [make sure to read the section below](#known-issues)._

## Brush Anti-aliasing [GTK/WPF]

On Skia targets (GTK and WPF), anti-aliasing is disabled by default for brushes, you can request it to be anti-aliased by setting this in your application's constructor:

```csharp

> Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Configuration |= Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Options.UseBrushAntialiasing;

Reviewer: I would wrap both of these samples in `#if HAS_UNO` as the API is not available on Windows

_There are a few known issues associated with the used of the compositor thread, [make sure to read the section below](#known-issues)._

## Brush Anti-aliasing [GTK/WPF]

> On Skia targets (GTK and WPF), anti-aliasing is disabled by default for brushes, you can request it to be anti-aliased by setting this in your application's constructor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On Skia targets (GTK and WPF), anti-aliasing is disabled by default for brushes. You can request it to be anti-aliased by setting this in your application's constructor:
```

```csharp
#if HAS_UNO
    Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Configuration |= Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Options.UseBrushAntialiasing;
#endif
```

> Or alternatively this, if you want to enable all available Composition capabilities:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or alternatively, if you want to enable all available Composition capabilities:
```

```csharp
#if HAS_UNO
    Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Configuration = Uno.CompositionConfiguration.Options.Enabled;
#endif
```

## Implemented APIs [GTK/WPF]

### Windows.UI.Composition

> - [CompositionBackdropBrush](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/windows.ui.composition.compositionbackdropbrush)

Reviewer 2: We should remove all `en-us` from URLs

- [TintEffect](https://microsoft.github.io/Win2D/WinUI2/html/T_Microsoft_Graphics_Canvas_Effects_TintEffect.htm)
- [Transform2DEffect](https://microsoft.github.io/Win2D/WinUI2/html/T_Microsoft_Graphics_Canvas_Effects_Transform2DEffect.htm)

Note that while Uno Platform implements these effects and their Win2D wrappers, the Win2D wrappers are still internal and not exposed to users, but the effects can still be used by temporary implementing the [IGraphicsEffectD2D1Interop](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/windows.graphics.effects.interop/nn-windows-graphics-effects-interop-igraphicseffectd2d1interop) interface manually until the Win2D wrappers become public, like for example the [GaussianBlurEffect](https://microsoft.github.io/Win2D/WinUI2/html/T_Microsoft_Graphics_Canvas_Effects_GaussianBlurEffect.htm) can be implemented like this:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD010 -->

```csharp
#nullable enable

using System;
using Windows.Graphics.Effects;
using Windows.Graphics.Effects.Interop;

internal class GaussianBlurEffect : IGraphicsEffect, IGraphicsEffectSource, IGraphicsEffectD2D1Interop
{

> 	private string _name = "GaussianBlurEffect";

Reviewer 2: I think we are using spaces for doc files. With that fixed, the markdownlint-disable MD010 line can be removed.

	private Guid _id = new Guid("1FEB6D69-2FE6-4AC9-8C58-1D7F93E7A6A5");

	public string Name
	{
		get => _name;
		set => _name = value;
	}

	public IGraphicsEffectSource? Source { get; set; }

	public float BlurAmount { get; set; } = 3.0f;

	public Guid GetEffectId() => _id;

	public void GetNamedPropertyMapping(string name, out uint index, out GraphicsEffectPropertyMapping mapping)
	{
		switch (name)
		{
			case nameof(BlurAmount):
				{
					index = 0;
					mapping = GraphicsEffectPropertyMapping.Direct;
					break;
				}
			default:
				{
					index = 0xFF;
					mapping = (GraphicsEffectPropertyMapping)0xFF;
					break;
				}
		}
	}

	public object? GetProperty(uint index)
	{
		switch (index)
		{
			case 0:
				return BlurAmount;
			default:
				return null;
		}
	}

	public uint GetPropertyCount() => 1;
	public IGraphicsEffectSource? GetSource(uint index) => Source;
	public uint GetSourceCount() => 1;
}
```

> The GUID used in the example above is the Effect CLSID of the [Direct2D Gaussian Blur Effect](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct2d/gaussian-blur), you can find a list of built-in Direct2D effects and their corresponding CLSIDs [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct2d/built-in-effects).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The GUID used in the example above is the Effect CLSID of the [Direct2D Gaussian Blur Effect](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct2d/gaussian-blur). For a list of built-in Direct2D effects and their corresponding CLSIDs, see [Direct2D Built-in Effects](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/direct2d/built-in-effects).
```
